feat: ✨ expand values on also building people and knowledge (#258)
seedcase-project/design: organisation/index.qmd

{{< include /includes/_values-preamble.qmd >}}

- *How* we work is as important as *what* we make or do.

- Work that is visible and open is easier to participate in, engage with, and
  contribute to.

- Openness and transparency lead to better collaboration and products.

- Being explicit is better than being implicit.

- Prescriptive methods are easier to use than descriptive ones[^1].

- Small consistent improvements are more impactful over time than big irregular
  ones.

- Human interactions and emotions are as important as products and outputs.

- Investing in the future will give better outcomes than thinking short-term.

> - Building people is as important as building products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Building expertise is as important as building products.
```
Or was this meant to be more general?

- Use established standards and practices where possible and as appropriate.

- Be flexible and open to modern, newer tools or processes, even when they
  aren't widely used, as long as there is a strong rationale for it.

- Have dedicated learning and development time that is separate and protected

>   from project work so we develop ourselves just as much as the software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  from project work so we keep developing our expertise just as much as the software.
```
